Pakistan Election Prediction System 2024
![Project Logo/Visualization - If applicable]

Overview
Welcome to the Pakistan Election Prediction System 2024 repository! This project, developed under the supervision of Mazhar Javed, focuses on leveraging advanced Data Science techniques to predict the outcome of the upcoming 2024 Pakistan Elections. The system employs machine learning algorithms, real-time data updates, and confidence intervals to provide accurate and insightful predictions for National Assembly seats.

Key Features
NA-wise Seat Prediction: Obtain detailed predictions for each National Assembly constituency, offering a nuanced understanding of seat distribution across regions.
Real-time Updates: The model incorporates real-time data updates, ensuring predictions remain relevant and accurate leading up to Election Day.
Confidence Intervals: In addition to point predictions, the system calculates confidence intervals, providing a measure of uncertainty associated with each forecast.
Getting Started
Prerequisites
Python 3.10
Required Python packages (listed in requirements.txt)
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/pakistan-election-prediction-2024.git
Install dependencies:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Usage
Detailed instructions on how to use the system, including input data format and running predictions.
Methodology
Overview of the machine learning algorithms, data preprocessing techniques, and model validation approaches employed in the project.
Performance Evaluation
Metrics used to evaluate the predictive accuracy of the model, along with comparisons to ground truth data from previous elections.
Future Directions
Insight into the envisioned future developments of the project, including potential expansions, refinements, and integrations.
Acknowledgments
Express gratitude to Mazhar Javed for guidance and support, as well as contributors and stakeholders for essential data and insights.
